fix: Handle logs land slightly late after run completed by adding a wait timeout (#35)
wherobots/airflow-providers-wherobots: README.md

  * `sparkExecutorDiskGB: int`: The disk size for the Spark executor.
  * `sparkConfigs: dict`: A dictionary of Spark configurations.
  * `dependencies: list[dict]`: A list of dependant libraries to install.

> * `wait_post_run_logs_timeout_seconds: int`: The maximum time to wait for the post-run logs to be available for queries.
>     The default value is `120` seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `wait_post_run_logs_timeout_seconds: int`: Maximum duration (in seconds) the system waits for logs to become queryable after job completion. 
The default value is `120` seconds.
```

> The default value is `120` seconds.

Reviewer 2: I guess this is now 60?
